---
title: Web Extensions - Office Add-ins with Golang via C++
linktitle: Web Extensions - Office Add-ins
type: docs
weight: 130
url: /go-cpp/web-extensions-office-add-ins/
description: Learn how to add and access Web Extensions (Office Add-ins) in Excel files using Aspose.Cells with Golang via C++.
---

Web Extensions extend Office applications and interact with the content in Office documents. Web Extensions add additional functionality to Office clients to improve the user experience and productivity.

Aspose.Cells also provides the ability to work with Web Extensions.

## **Add Web Extension**

You may add Web Extensions (Office Add-ins) in Excel by clicking the **Insert** tab and then clicking the **Store**/**Get Add-ins** link. In the Add-ins box, browse for the add-in you want and add it.

Aspose.Cells also provides the feature to add Web Extensions by using the [**WebExtension**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/go-cpp/webextension/) and [**WebExtensionTaskPane**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/cpp/aspose.cells.webextensions/webextensiontaskpane/) classes. The following code sample demonstrates the use of [**WebExtension**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/go-cpp/webextension/) and [**WebExtensionTaskPane**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/cpp/aspose.cells.webextensions/webextensiontaskpane/) classes to add a web extension to an Excel file. Please see the [output Excel file](89849869.xlsx) generated by the code for reference.

### **Sample Code**

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "b414abd53259bbc47d2c3c0fe985395b" "Examples-Go-CPP-WebExtensionsOfficeAddIns.go" >}}
## **Access Web Extension Information**

Aspose.Cells provides the ability to access the information of Web Extensions in an Excel file. The following code sample demonstrates how to access web extension information by loading the [sample Excel file](89849870.xlsx). Please see the console output generated by the code for reference.

### **Sample Code**

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "b414abd53259bbc47d2c3c0fe985395b" "Examples-Go-CPP-WebExtensionsOfficeAddIns-1.go" >}}
### **Console Output**

{{< highlight java >}}
Width: 350
IsVisible: True
IsLocked: False
DockState: right
StoreName: en-US
StoreType: OMEX
WebExtension.Id: 95D7ECE8-1355-492B-B6BF-27D25D0B0EEF
{{< /highlight >}}