##Converting Worksheet to Image using ImageOrPrint Options
This document is designed to provide a detailed understanding of how to convert a worksheet to an image file and apply different image and print options for the image, options like resolution, TIFF compression, image format and page quality.
## **Saving Worksheets to Images - Different Approaches**
Sometimes, you might require presenting your worksheets as a pictorial representation. You do need to present the worksheet images into your applications or web pages. You might need to insert the images into a Word document, a PDF file, a PowerPoint presentation, or use them in some other scenario. Simply you want a worksheet rendered as an image so that you can use it elsewhere. Aspose.Cells for Python via .NET supports converting worksheets in Excel files to images. Also, Aspose.Cells for Python via .NET supports setting different options like image format, resolution (both vertical and horizontal), image quality, and other image and print options.
You might try Office Automation but Office automation has its own drawbacks. There are several reasons and issues involved: for example, security, stability, scalability and speed, price, and features. In Short, there are many reasons, with the top one being that Microsoft themselves strongly recommends against Office automation from software solutions.
This article shows how to create a console application in Visual Studio .NET, perform the conversion of a worksheet to image using different image and print options with a few and simplest lines of code using Aspose.Cells for Python via .NET API.
You need to import [**aspose.cells.rendering**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells.rendering) namespace to your program/project. It has several valuable classes, for example, [**SheetRender**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells.rendering/sheetrender), [**ImageOrPrintOptions**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells.rendering/imageorprintoptions), [**WorkbookRender**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells.rendering/workbookrender) etc.
The [**SheetRender**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells.rendering/sheetrender) class represents a worksheet to render images for the worksheet, it has an overloaded [**to_image**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells.rendering/sheetrender/to_image/#int-str) method that can directly convert a worksheet to image file(s) specified with your desired attributes or options. It can return System.Drawing.Bitmap object and you can Save an image file to the disk/stream. There are several image formats supported, e.g BMP, PNG, GIFF, JPEG, TIFF, EMF and so on.
## **Using Aspose.Cells to Convert Worksheet to Image using ImageOrPrint options**
### **Creating a template workbook in Microsoft Excel**
I created a new workbook in MS Excel and added some data in the first worksheet. Now, I will convert the template file’s worksheet “Sheet1” to an image file “SheetImage.tiff” and will apply different image options like horizontal and vertical resolutions, TiffCompression etc.
### **Convert Worksheet to an Image file**
## **Image conversion using WorkbookRender**
A TIFF image can contian more than one frames. You can save the whole workbook to a single TIFF image with multiply frames or pages:
