##Fit All Worksheet Columns on Single PDF Page
Learn how to Fit All Worksheet Columns on Single PDF Page with Aspose.Cells for Python via .NET API.
Sometimes you want to generate a PDF file that fits all a worksheet's columns onto one page. The [**PdfSaveOptions.all_columns_in_one_page_per_sheet**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells/pdfsaveoptions/all_columns_in_one_page_per_sheet/) property provides this feature in a very easy-to-use manner. Complex calculations such as the height and width of the output PDF are handled internally and are based on the data in the worksheet.
## **Fit Worksheet Columns on Single PDF Page**
[**PdfSaveOptions.all_columns_in_one_page_per_sheet**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells/pdfsaveoptions/all_columns_in_one_page_per_sheet/) ensures that all columns in a worksheet are rendered to a single PDF page, although rows may expand to several pages depending on the data in worksheet.
The sample code below shows how to use [**PdfSaveOptions.all_columns_in_one_page_per_sheet**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells/pdfsaveoptions/all_columns_in_one_page_per_sheet/) property to render a large worksheet of 100 columns.
When a given worksheet has many columns, the rendered PDF file may show the content in a very small size. It is still readable when scaled up in a viewing application such as Acrobat Reader.
If your spreadsheet contains formulas, it is best to call [Workbook.calculate_formula](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells/workbook/calculate_formula/#) method just before rendering the spreadsheet to PDF format. Doing so will ensure that the formula dependent values are recalculated, and the correct values are rendered in the PDF.
