---
title: Specify whether the PivotTable is compatible for Excel2003 while refreshing PivotTable
type: docs
weight: 880
url: /java/specify-whether-the-pivottable-is-compatible-for-excel2003-while-refreshing-pivottable/
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}} 

Aspose.Cells provides the [PivotTable.IsExcel2003Compatible](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/java/com.aspose.cells/pivottable#IsExcel2003Compatible) property which you can use to specify whether the PivotTable is compatible for Excel2003 while refreshing PivotTable. If **true**, a string must be less than or equal to 255 characters, so if the string is greater than 255 characters, it will be truncated. If **false**, a string will not have the aforementioned restriction. The default value is **true**.

{{% /alert %}} 
## **Specify whether the PivotTable is compatible for Excel2003 while refreshing PivotTable**
The following sample code explains the usage of [PivotTable.IsExcel2003Compatible](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/java/com.aspose.cells/pivottable#IsExcel2003Compatible) property. The original string is 383 characters long. But when [PivotTable.IsExcel2003Compatible](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/java/com.aspose.cells/pivottable#IsExcel2003Compatible) property is set to **true** and pivot table is refreshed, the data of cell B5 of the pivot table is truncated and it becomes 255 characters long. However, when [PivotTable.IsExcel2003Compatible](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/java/com.aspose.cells/pivottable#IsExcel2003Compatible) property is set **false** and pivot table is again refreshed, the data of cell B5 of the pivot table is not truncated and remains 383 characters long. Please download the [sample excel file](5472558.xlsx) used in this code, [output excel file](5472557.xlsx) generated by it and its console output for your reference. Please also read the comments inside the code for better understanding of this property.

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "5876dc77e47649b66bdb5deefb4b5639" "Examples-src-main-java-com-aspose-cells-examples-files-utility-IsPivotTableCompatibleForExcel2003-.java" >}}
## **Console Output**
Here is the console output of the above sample code when it is executed with the given [sample excel file](5472558.xlsx).



{{< highlight java >}}

 Length of original data string: 383

Length of cell B5 after setting IsExcel2003Compatible property to True: 255

Length of cell B5 after setting IsExcel2003Compatible property to False: 383

{{< /highlight >}}
{{< app/cells/assistant language="java" >}}