##Decrease the Calculation Time of Cell.Calculate method
This article introduces how to use Aspose.Cells library to reduce the calculation time of cell calculation methods in Microsoft Excel. By loading an existing Excel file or creating a new one, we can use the methods provided by Aspose.Cells to optimize the cell calculation method and improve its performance. Finally, we save the modified Excel file to disk.
## **Possible Usage Scenarios**
Normally, we recommend users to call [**Workbook.CalculateFormula()**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/net/aspose.cells/workbook/methods/calculateformula/index) method once and then get the calculated values of the individual cells. But sometimes, users do not want to calculate entire workbook. They just want to calculate a single cell. Aspose.Cells provides [**CalculationOptions.Recursive**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/net/aspose.cells/calculationoptions/properties/recursive) property which you can set to **false** and it will decrease the calculation time of individual cell significantly. Because when the recursive property is set to **true**, then all the dependents of cells are recalculated on each call. But when the recursive property is **false**, then dependent cells are calculated only once and are not calculated again on subsequent calls.
## **Decrease the Calculation Time of Cell.Calculate() method**
The following sample code illustrates the usage of [**CalculationOptions.Recursive**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/net/aspose.cells/calculationoptions/properties/recursive) property. Please execute this code with the given [sample excel file](5113710.xlsx) and check its console output. You will find that setting the recursive property to **false** has decreased the calculation time significantly. Please also read the comments for a better understanding of this property.
## **Console Output**
This is the console output of the above sample code when executed with the given [sample excel file](5113710.xlsx) on our machine. Please note, your output may differ but the elapsed time after setting the recursive property to **false** will always be less than setting it to **true**.
Recursive True: 96 seconds
Recursive False: 42 seconds
