---
title : "Export Worksheet CSS Separately in Output HTML" 
description : "" 
weight : 12092 
toc : false
type: docs
url: /java/developerguide/html/export+worksheet+css+separately+in+output+html/
---

# Aspose.Cells for Java : Export Worksheet CSS Separately in Output HTML


{{< panel title="Contents Summary" style="primary" >}}
*   1 [Possible Usage Scenarios](#possible-usage-scenarios)
*   2 [Export Worksheet CSS Separately in Output HTML](#export-worksheet-css-separately-in-output-html)
*   3 [Sample Code](#sample-code)
*   4 [Export single sheet workbook to HTML](#export-single-sheet-workbook-to-html)
*   5 [Sample Code](#sample-code)
{{< /panel >}}
 

## Possible Usage Scenarios

Aspose.Cells provides the feature to export worksheet CSS separately when you convert your Excel file to HTML. Please use `HtmlSaveOptions.ExportWorksheetCSSSeparately` property for this purpose and set it `true` while saving Excel file to HTML format.

## Export Worksheet CSS Separately in Output HTML

The following sample code creates an Excel file, adds some text in cell `B5` in `Red` color and then saves it in HTML format using `HtmlSaveOptions.ExportWorksheetCSSSeparately` property. Please see the [output HTML](https://docs2.aspose.com/cells/java/attachments/60229052/60489780.zip) generated by the code for a reference. You will find `stylesheet.css` inside it as an outcome of the sample code.

## Sample Code

## Export single sheet workbook to HTML

When a workbook with multiple sheets is converted to Html using Aspose.Cells, it creates a HTML file along with a folder containing CSS and multiple Html files. When this Html file is opened in browser, the tabs are visible. Same behaviour is required for a workbook with single worksheet when it is converted to Html. Earlier no separate folder was created for single sheet workbooks and only HTML file was created. Such HTML file does not show tab when opened in browser. Excel creates proper folder and HTML for single sheets also and hence same behaviour is implemented using Aspose.Cells. Sample file can be downloaded from the following link for using in the sample code below:

[sampleSingleSheet.xlsx](https://docs2.aspose.com/cells/java/attachments/60229052/79527948.xlsx)  

## Sample Code

// Load the sample Excel file containing single sheet only  
Workbook wb = new Workbook(srcDir + "sampleSingleSheet.xlsx");

// Specify HTML save options  
HtmlSaveOptions options = new HtmlSaveOptions();

// Set optional settings if required  
options.setEncoding(Encoding.getUTF8());  
options.setExportImagesAsBase64(true);  
options.setExportGridLines(true);  
options.setExportSimilarBorderStyle(true);  
options.setExportBogusRowData(true);  
options.setExcludeUnusedStyles(true);  
options.setExportHiddenWorksheet(true);

//Save the workbook in Html format with specified Html Save Options  
wb.save(outDir + "outputSampleSingleSheet.htm", options);

