---
title: Export Worksheet CSS Separately in Output HTML
type: docs
weight: 80
url: /java/export-worksheet-css-separately-in-output-html/
ai_search_scope: cells_java
ai_search_endpoint: "https://docsearch.api.aspose.cloud/ask"
---

## **Possible Usage Scenarios**

Aspose.Cells provides the feature to export worksheet CSS separately when you convert your Excel file to HTML. Please use HtmlSaveOptions.ExportWorksheetCSSSeparately property for this purpose and set it **to true** while saving the Excel file to HTML format.

## **Export Worksheet CSS Separately in Output HTML**

The following sample code creates an Excel file, adds some text in cell B5 in **red** color, and then saves it in HTML format using HtmlSaveOptions.ExportWorksheetCSSSeparately property. Please see the [output HTML](60489780.zip) generated by the code for reference. You will find stylesheet.css inside it as an outcome of the sample code.

## **Sample Code**

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "5876dc77e47649b66bdb5deefb4b5639" "HTML-ExportWorksheetCSSSeparatelyInOutputHTML.java" >}}

## **Export single sheet workbook to HTML**

When a workbook with multiple sheets is converted to HTML using Aspose.Cells, it creates an HTML file along with a folder containing CSS and multiple HTML files. When this HTML file is opened in a browser, the tabs are visible. The same behaviour is required for a workbook with a single worksheet when it is converted to HTML. Earlier, no separate folder was created for single‑sheet workbooks, and only an HTML file was generated. Such an HTML file does not show the tab when opened in a browser. Excel also creates a proper folder and HTML for single sheets, and hence the same behaviour is implemented using Aspose.Cells. A sample file can be downloaded from the following link for use in the sample code below:

[sampleSingleSheet.xlsx](79527948.xlsx)

## **Sample Code**

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "5876dc77e47649b66bdb5deefb4b5639" "Examples-src-AsposeCellsExamples-HTML-SetSingleSheetTabNameInHtml-1.java" >}}
{{< app/cells/assistant language="java" >}}
