---
title: Filter Objects while loading Workbook or Worksheet
type: docs
weight: 330
url: /net/filter-objects-while-loading-workbook-or-worksheet/
ai_search_scope: cells_net
ai_search_endpoint: "https://docsearch.api.aspose.cloud/ask"
---

## **Possible Usage Scenarios**
Please use [LoadOptions.LoadFilter](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/net/aspose.cells/loadoptions/properties/loadfilter) property while filtering data from the workbook. But if you want to filter data from individual worksheets, then you will have to override the [LoadFilter.StartSheet](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/net/aspose.cells/loadfilter/methods/startsheet) method. Please provide an appropriate value from the [LoadDataFilterOptions](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/net/aspose.cells/loaddatafilteroptions) enumeration while creating or working with [LoadFilter](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/net/aspose.cells/loadfilter).

The [LoadDataFilterOptions](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/net/aspose.cells/loaddatafilteroptions) enumeration has the following possible values.

- All
- BookSettings
- CellBlank
- CellBool
- CellData
- CellError
- CellNumeric
- CellString
- CellValue
- Chart
- ConditionalFormatting
- DataValidation
- DefinedNames
- DocumentProperties
- Formula
- Hyperlinks
- MergedArea
- PivotTable
- Settings
- Shape
- SheetData
- SheetSettings
- Structure
- Style
- Table
- VBA
- XmlMap

## **Filter Objects while loading Workbook**
The following sample code illustrates how to filter charts from the workbook. Please check the [sample excel file](5115258.xlsx) used in this code and the [output PDF](5115257.pdf) generated by it. As you can see in the output PDF, all charts have been filtered out of the workbook.

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "88c9872508ec3150c552eb5155edf06e" "Examples-CSharp-Articles-FilteringObjectsAtLoadTime-FilteringObjects.cs" >}}

## **Filter Objects while loading Worksheet**
The following sample code loads the [source excel file](5115255.xlsx) and filters the following data from its worksheets using a custom filter.

- It filters charts from the worksheet named **NoCharts**.
- It filters shapes from the worksheet named **NoShapes**.
- It filters conditional formatting from the worksheet named **NoConditionalFormatting**.

Once it loads the [source excel file](5115255.xlsx) with a custom filter, it takes the images of all worksheets one by one. Here are the output images for your reference. As you can see, the first image does not have charts, the second image does not have shapes, and the third image does not have conditional formatting.

- [NoCharts.png](5115254.png)
- [NoShapes.png](5115256.png)
- [NoConditionalFormatting.png](5115251.png)

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "88c9872508ec3150c552eb5155edf06e" "Examples-CSharp-Articles-FilteringObjectsAtLoadTime-CustomFilteringPerWorksheet-1.cs" >}}

This is how to use the **CustomLoadFilter** class for specific worksheet names.

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "88c9872508ec3150c552eb5155edf06e" "Examples-CSharp-Articles-FilteringObjectsAtLoadTime-CustomFilteringPerWorksheet-2.cs" >}}
{{< app/cells/assistant language="csharp" >}}
