---
title: Export Worksheet CSS Separately in Output HTML
type: docs
weight: 80
url: /python-net/export-worksheet-css-separately-in-output/
ai_search_scope: cells_pythonnet
ai_search_endpoint: "https://docsearch.api.aspose.cloud/ask"
---

## **Possible Usage Scenarios**

Aspose.Cells for Python via .NET provides the feature to export worksheet CSS separately when you convert your Excel file to HTML. Please use the [**HtmlSaveOptions.export_worksheet_css_separately**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells/htmlsaveoptions/export_worksheet_css_separately) property for this purpose and set it to **true** while saving the Excel file to HTML format.

## **Export Worksheet CSS Separately in Output HTML**

The following sample code creates an Excel file, adds some text in cell **B5** in red color, and then saves it in HTML format using the [**HtmlSaveOptions.export_worksheet_css_separately**](https://reference.aspose.com/cells/python-net/aspose.cells/htmlsaveoptions/export_worksheet_css_separately) property. Please see the [output HTML](60489766.zip) generated by the code for reference. You will find **stylesheet.css** inside it as a result of the sample code.

## **Sample Code**

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "7bb30376b4d40cdfd596286870fb9752" "HTML-ExportWorksheetCSSSeparatelyInOutputHTML.py" >}}

## **Export single‑sheet workbook to HTML**

When a workbook with multiple sheets is converted to HTML using Aspose.Cells for Python via .NET, it creates an HTML file along with a folder containing CSS and multiple HTML files. When this HTML file is opened in a browser, the tabs are visible. The same behavior is required for a workbook with a single worksheet when it is converted to HTML. Earlier, no separate folder was created for single‑sheet workbooks and only an HTML file was created. Such an HTML file does not show a tab when opened in a browser. MS Excel creates a proper folder and HTML for a single sheet also, and hence the same behavior is implemented using Aspose.Cells for Python via .NET APIs. The sample file can be downloaded from the following link for use in the sample code below:

[sampleSingleSheet.xlsx](79527937.xlsx)

## **Sample Code**

{{< gist "aspose-cells-gists" "7bb30376b4d40cdfd596286870fb9752" "HTML-SetSingleSheetTabNameInHtml-1.py" >}}
{{< app/cells/assistant language="python-net" >}}
