---
title: Licensing
type: docs
weight: 21
url: /python-net/licensing/
ai_search_scope: cells_pythonnet
ai_search_endpoint: "https://docsearch.api.aspose.cloud/ask"
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

You can easily download an evaluation version of Aspose.Cells Python via .NET from its [download page](https://pypi.org/project/aspose-cells-python/) @ PyPI repos. The evaluation version provides exactly the same capabilities as the licensed version of the component. Furthermore, the evaluation version simply becomes licensed when you purchase a license and add a couple of lines of code to apply the license.

{{% /alert %}}

## **Evaluation Version Limitations**

The evaluation version of Aspose.Cells Python via .NET product (without a license specified) provides full product functionality, but it is limited to opening 100 files in one program and adds an extra worksheet with an evaluation watermark.

The limitations are shown below:

- **Number of Opened Files** (Aspose.Cells Python via .NET)  
  When running your program, you can only open 100 Excel files using the Aspose.Cells Python via .NET library. If your application exceeds this number, an exception will be thrown.

Moreover, a worksheet with an evaluation watermark will always appear as the active worksheet in the generated Excel file using the Aspose.Cells Python via .NET library. Only in the licensed version can you set the active worksheet to other worksheets. In the output PDF or image file generated by Aspose.Cells Python via .NET, an evaluation watermark is placed at the top of the document/image.

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

If you want to test Aspose.Cells Python via .NET without evaluation version limitations, you can also request a [30‑Day Temporary License](https://purchase.aspose.com/temporary-license).

{{% /alert %}}

## **Applying a License in Aspose.Cells Python via Component**

The license is a plain‑text XML file that contains details such as the product name, the number of developers it is licensed to, the subscription expiry date, and so on. The file is digitally signed, so do not modify it. Even an inadvertent addition of an extra line break will invalidate the license. You need to set a license before utilizing Aspose.Cells Python via .NET if you want to avoid its evaluation limitation. It is required to set a license only once per application (or process). The license can be loaded from a file.

Aspose.Cells Python via .NET tries to find the license in explicit path locations.

There are two common methods to apply a license from a file.

### **Applying a License from Disk**

The easiest way to set a license is to put the license file in an explicit path.

{{< highlight csharp >}}
# Instantiate an instance of License and set the license file through its path

license = License()
# For Windows
license.set_license("D:\\Aspose.Cells.lic")
# For Linux or macOS
license.set_license("/home/yourusername/Aspose.Cells.lic")
{{< /highlight >}}

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

When you call the `set_license` method, the license name should be the same as your license file name. For example, you may change the license file name to **Aspose.Cells.lic.xml**. Then in your code, you should use the modified license name (**Aspose.Cells.lic.xml**) for the `set_license` method.

{{% /alert %}}

{{< app/cells/assistant language="python-net" >}}
